Fix Via-IR bytecode divergence when compiling multiple files that are already included via imports (#14562)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * AST: Fix wrong initial ID for Yul nodes in the AST.

>  * Code Generator: Fix Via-IR bytecode divergence when compiling multiple files that are already included via imports. In some cases, the order in which function definitions were discovered by the IR generator during AST traversal would lead to different bytecodes. This issue affected only the IR pipeline.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
 * Code Generator: Fix output from via-IR code generator being dependent on which files were discovered by import callback. In some cases, a different AST ID assignment would alter the order of functions in internal dispatch, resulting in superficially different but semantically equivalent bytecode.
```
